what a guy's to adopt a PhD here I'm
Brad this is the five-star Brazilian
fliers and keep it or getting 13 so I'm
in from friday so obviously as soon as
we have them all 91 pace 85 writing so
he says Sam's last time where ronaldinho
with nice free she's also a same with
Ruby neo 83 which means he has dropped
to 0 1 i think i remember mr. carlos
eduardo gaz no jansen Diego's solids by
plates that was caught us a bottle
Raphael service bleep I Apple soon
danile oh I've had it some stuff on a
person so us to visual five-star
gold-plated you interested there's the
list of them awesome obviously the best
players of the top robinho animar well
that's icky like like a treatise them to
what we've been able to 150 12 years
wondering well the logics it back no
sabe other foot wireless in would have
still been on in Phoenix but you is
probably in the cyllage with me in check
plane so in little pretty decent and
we're going to be interpreted silver
ones a deadly I'll Kelvin link on alt or
my family I want to enjoy our last year
and the last name accompanying something
so if you're looking to i could sell the
team 45 saw as it looks pretty decent 30
some new ones like likes of calvin a
Lincoln well if i'm wrong i'm sorry what
I've never never heard of em feat patrol
well I'm shocked at what isn't actually
71 in this game but all these are from a
few Kiwis calm if you will and written
up on me so if I'm wrong don't get hazel
in the comment section down line for is
it's their fault so ever I totally tag
who cost a lot in the altima teen club I
didn't even get a chance to get 5
interims there's Dan Alejo will be a lot
of the stars really drop towards game
with mcat looks pretty decent
successfully scribbling well you're
linking shot not a 65-foot now could
pass around it could be pretty good to
me so yeah guys that's about it really
well I'll give you the link to this
place your if you want to check it for
yourself and I'll see you in a bit
subscribe for your guys wondering this
is the only bronze 5 star player and the
only English box on fire that actually
he's on foot with Doggett learned from
Dom blind men like
said earlier but this is the only plans
going through five stars for the English
nation and the Rhonda's which is pretty
decent but the only bad thing is is
going to have 56 pace you shot ain't bad
for a bonds playable 56 pace is going to
be a lot of the killer for all people at
right pace out there I mean and on fifa
13 is made so it's not a bad place for
you've gotta have a little bit okay go
so if you liked the video give it a like
subscribe and come back for more